Fix for Set prototype resolution (#3843)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

* None.

### Fixed

> * Fix TypeScript definition of `Realm.Dictionary.remove()`. (since v10.6.0)

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed TypeScript definition of `Realm.Dictionary.remove()`. (since v10.6.0)
* Fixed Realm.Object#toJSON as it threw "Right-hand side of 'instanceof' is not an object". (since v10.6.0)
```

### Fixed
* Fixed TypeScript definition of `Realm.Dictionary.remove()`. (since v10.6.0)
* Fixed Realm.Object#toJSON as it threw "Right-hand side of 'instanceof' is not an object". (since v10.6.0)

> * Fixed `Realm not defined` error experienced when using `Realm.Set` iterators under Jest

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed `Realm not defined` error experienced when using `Realm.Set` iterators under Jest  (closes #3788)
```
